okay okay anything was turned off think
you just did I did I start I'm starting
now I'll call these little dudes these
old vert skaters we go loudspeaker and
iPhone five amazing here that ring clear
not ring sounds better ha yo is jeder a
jogger there what up dude we on your way
to the barracks
you are on your way to the barracks I
can't hear you guys are you guys on an
iPhone 5 hello
turn your Galaxy up do you have a galaxy
or an iPhone okay just check-in
so hey memes are over here at the
barracks right now you guys are on your
way we know you guys are good on the
transition level but uh you willing do a
first try Friday on a handrail you could
do it what do you think you could do on
a handrail you got kickflip front board
yeah alright you got kickflip on board
yeah well alright that's good enough for
us so uh hurry up and get over to the
barracks and we'll do this hi dude later
nice
rolling into space shuttle endeavour
yeah what up guys pretty good looks like
the rain stopped
that's good how we could drive awesome
awesome is ready yes yeah handrails
kickflip from horde big one a little one
big one
like that
you guys eat like chicken nuggets
yeah good job yes with that guy I'm
gonna stay
yeah just move some muscles now what do
you go mean guys out hey back salad yep
back salad from chicken nugget
Peter hamburgers ever taught you you
gotta do something free now you say
trayful boy facebook from bored
for sure see that again make it for the
camera I think that's a cool level okay
fine fine bye try Friday
oh yeah you're struck by trespass
firefighters up high five
this little guys got ollie down the
Forester you're acting roll off the list
look us dude
you